Minor update v3.0.1 (#143)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_project_information: project_plan_and_summary/model_updates.qmd

As part of migrating our data pre-processing, there are a number of changes to the data which are detailed in the [data log](../data_extraction/data_log.qmd). Each scheme will be provided with new detailed baseline files for v3.0.

> Note that the data in the inputs app has not had the bugfixes that the data in the model has. However, the level of difference is small and should not affect practical usage of the model, inputs and outputs apps. We are working to update this soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the data in the inputs app has not had the bugfixes that the data in the model has and this means there are small differences in the numbers shown for mitigators. However, the level of difference is small and should not be material when setting mitigator assumptions. Please be aware that for the most accurate information on mitigator numbers you should refer to the detailed outputs provided in Excel
```
